all I can say is Andre it was not a
criminal here's a father of two he left
two children he did not do anything to
deserve this at all he was a good man
and now I'm by myself
raising two young children and one is a
special-needs child it was a great
father he was a he had his own company
he was a painter he was really trying
hard he helped me and everything I could
that he could help me with and he and
just someone just took his life like
that my son lost 30 percent of his
hearing and as a special-needs child and
now I'm by myself my son goes once a
month it's a Children's Hospital for
treatment and he's only two years old I
came in I can't even begin to explain
how I'm gonna sit down with my daughter
and my son and tell them that a police
officer shot him to death the kids do
not know because do not know yet because
Leticia was very close to her father
today she does not know I am a process
intercut to contact a counselor someone
you know that can help her understand
this project we are all made of skin and
bones no matter if we're from Brazil
from America from any other part of the
country we are one skin flesh bones
shooting at someone because they're an
immigrant it's not a reason to kill
someone
you